Scenarios

1. New Position ( Place Order )
1.a check if SL and Target placed, logs updated and positions screen refreshed with right data.
1.b Check if position screen is updated with PnL , side and other values automatically after price movements 
1.c Check if positions json is updated with the right values ( required for server restart scenarios )
1.d if SL and Target fails system should attempt three times to set the orders. If not it will throw a event log that position is not protected.


2. Target Hit. 
2.a Position table should be cleared with NONE position and event logs updated with Target hit message and SL cancellation message 
2.b Trades table updated with all proper values indicated Target and Profit
2.c Trade History csv should be updated with all proper values
2.d Positions json should be deleted

3. SL Hit 
3.a Position table should be cleared  with NONE position and event logs updated with SL hit message and Target cancellation message 
3.b Trades table updated with all proper values indicating a SL and loss
3.c Trade History csv should be updated with all proper values
3.d Positions json should be deleted.

4. Manual Square-off from screen
4.a Positions table should be cleared. 
4.b Trades table should be updated with Manual and Profit / Loss with respective p&l values , trade closed price
4.c Trade history csv to be updated with proper values
4.d Positions json to be deleted

5. Square-off from fyers screen
5.a Positions table should be cleared. 
5.b Trades table should be updated with Manual and Profit / Loss with respective p&l values , trade closed price 
5.c Trade history csv to be updated with proper values
5.d Positions json to be deleted

6. SL Cancelled
6.a SL cancelled event log updated with warning message, If Target is also not pending event log will say positions not protected 

7. Target Cancelled
7.a if Target is cancelled event log updated with warning message ,  If SL is also not pending event log will say positions not protected 

